Welcome back everyone.
Good to see you here again.
I mentioned that in the last video you can save your model and I've shown you how you can save it.
In this lesson I want to cover.
How do you load your model again.
Carers have a very simple method to know your model you from carers models you import load models this
little simple package and you just use load models provide the file name and equal basically start into
whatever you want to call your model.
In this case I call it model.
You can call it something else if you like.
You can call it CNN or anything else and that's it.
And when you print the model summary you get or receive exactly the same the model that you've train
with the exact weights as well.
So you can see provided the pictures and obtain influences or prediction with the image that you provide
to it.
And that's really how powerful it is.
And the file that we used to create in terms of the model is right here.
Cats and Dogs dot page five.
That's pretty much it.
That's how easy it is to load your model.
I just want to walk that through with you and thank you once again for watching.